so far, samsung is using its
smartphones especially on plastic as
Material with the A-series changes
group this strategy the galaxy a3
and the a5 are out with a uni body
equipped with aluminum
This looks fancy out there
stability and feels good though
what about the internal values?
we have the metal galaxy s on heart
and kidney tested and with each other
compared
except for the size of the same
Both smartphones like an egg
other
only the rounded edges fall
at the a3 a bit wider than at the 85
the processing is both
devices at a very high level back
and frames consist of one piece
Metal hardware buttons, card slots
and the front fit seamlessly into it
housing
Both smartphones do not even measure
seven millimeters in thickness and are
with 110 or 123 grams pleasantly easy like that
is the larger galaxy a5 still
good in the hand
but samsung not only saves weight
and housing also measured in terms of technology
Unfortunately, you are a bit frugal
that starts with the displays the
45 inch display of the a3 going on with 540 x 960
pixeln and the 5 inch display of the a5
comes with 720 x 1280 pixels that he
changed densities of 244 and 294 ppi
modern upper class appliances bring it
already at values ​​above 400 p
so it is not surprising that at exactly
look at both displays single
to recognize pixels are really
it is noticeable that not small
However, writing can do something
The color representation is restless
as usual from amoled displays vigorously
The same applies to contrasts
even with the processor waived say
even on superlative
In both models it comes with 1 2
gigahertz leisurely working quad
to use this masters however
navigate through menus and
submenus without delay and comes
even with elaborate play to right
The internal memory is 16 gigabytes
sufficiently large and can if necessary order
up to 64gb
the two galaxy models come along
Android 4.4 point 4 and the Samsung
user interface touchwiz this
now has the possibility
different teams choose the ones
optically adapt surface
in addition, the news headline
briefing preinstalled
one of the few differences of the
The camera is there for both smartphones
at the a3 it will solve with a maximum of 8
megapixel on the camera of the ab 53 10
megapixel
both cameras like of good light and
free useful results
however, they work with the a5
made pictures a bit pale
for that she delivers the better ones
indoor results with little
light
Samsung offers with its two galaxy
Models of smartphones with the
done processed with partial housings
are equipped
the prices are around 300 euros for
the a3 and just under 400 euros for the a5
something elevated in trade are likely
but also falling fast
In total, this will deliver 100 euros
cheaper a 3 the better price
performance ratio , however, if you want to
4.5 inches or 52 variants
should depend on the personal greetings
preference from